
2019-07-15 Week 7 Day 1  
Unit 2 Sprint 2 Module 1   

Lecture Video  
Decision Trees  
https://youtu.be/YNHZMmyQtHA

Ryan Herr [10:51 AM]  
@channel Today’s notebook is on GitHub:   
https://github.com/LambdaSchool/DS-Unit-2-Tree-Ensembles/blob/master/module1-decision-trees/decision_trees.ipynb  

You can follow along live on Google Colab:  
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1qXeTHCnJuue3_aPAGhaYs4FrJMrs1INk  

Ryan Herr [8:11 PM]  
Yep, the notebook at   
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1qXeTHCnJuue3_aPAGhaYs4FrJMrs1INk    
has additional visualizations: tree viz, heatmaps, 3d plots  

https://youtu.be/aaC4Pkvj4GU  
YouTube | Lambda School  
DS5 Unit 2 Q&A  

========================================================

Ryan Herr [10:52 AM]  
The notebook uses some “extra” libraries that you may want to install:

#### category_encoders

You aren’t required to use [category_encoders](https://github.com/scikit-learn-contrib/categorical-encoding), but it’s recommended.

If you’re working locally, you already installed it, probably with this shell command: `conda install -c conda-forge category_encoders`

If you’re using Google Colab, you need to reinstall it every time you restart all runtimes: `pip install category_encoders`

#### scikit-learn version 0.21.2

Until recently, scikit-learn required graphviz to visualize decision trees, and it could be a pain to install. But sklearn’s newest versions have a [plot_tree](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.tree.plot_tree.html) function that uses matplotlib!  

Google Colab already has version 0.21.2. But if you’re running Anaconda locally, you may need to upgrade.

You can check your version with this Python code: `import sklearn; print(sklearn.__version__)`

If necessary, you can update your version with this shell command: `conda update scikit-learn`

This isn’t required to do your assignment, but it’s required to run this lecture notebook.

#### pdpbox

[PDPbox](https://github.com/SauceCat/PDPbox) stands for “Partial Dependence Plot toolbox.” It’s a tool for model interpretation & visualization.

You can install it on Colab or locally with this shell command: `pip install pdpbox`

This also isn’t required to do your assignment, but it’s used in the lecture notebook.

========================================================

Ryan Herr [6:55 AM]  
*Clarification on R^2 Score for regression problems*  

- `sklearn.metrics.r2_score` is _not_ an adjusted score, it is “plain” R^2  
- *R^2 _can_ be negative*  
- It just means your model is worse than the mean baseline  

Here’s an explanation from Wikipedia (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coefficient_of_determination)  

R2 “normally ranges from 0 to 1. *R2 can yield negative values when the predictions* that are being compared to the corresponding outcomes *have not been derived from a model-fitting procedure _using those data._* Even if a model-fitting procedure has been used, R2 may still be negative, for example when linear regression is conducted without including an intercept, or when a non-linear function is used to fit the data. *In cases where negative values arise, the mean of the data provides a better fit* to the outcomes than do the fitted function value, according to this particular criterion.”  

And with code & comments:  
```
# This is just regular r2, not adjusted r2  
from sklearn.metric import r2_score  
from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression  

model = LinearRegression()  
model.fit(X_train, y_train)

# Train R2 for linear regression will always range from 0 to 1  
train_r2 = model.score(X_train, y_train)  

# Test R2 can be negative, when the model is worse than the mean baseline  
test_r2 = model.score(X_test, y_test)  

# Train R2 can also be negative, when the "model" is worse than the mean baseline  
y_pred = arbitrary_bad_m * X_train + arbitrary_bad_b  
train_r2 = r2_score(y_pred, y_train)  
```  

Why do we often hear that R^2 won’t ever be negative? Because it’s true when you do linear regression on _all your data, without train/test split_. And that’s often what statisticians and social scientists do! But rarely what applied data scientists in business and tech do.  

Does that help clarify, or muddle things more? Please ask follow-up questions, thanks!  

========================================================

Ryan Herr [9:37 AM]  
@here I hope everyone had a great weekend! If you’re logged on early, you may want to review this link for the next 15 minutes before your careers meeting!  

http://www.r2d3.us/visual-intro-to-machine-learning-part-1/  
r2d3.us  
A visual introduction to machine learning  
What is machine learning? See how it works with our animated data visualization.   
