

2019-07-09 Week 6 Day 3
Unit 2 Sprint 1 Module 3

Aaron Gallant [11:09 AM]  
https://github.com/LambdaSchool/DS-Unit-2-Linear-Models/blob/master/module3-understanding-linear-regression/understanding_linear_regression.ipynb

====================================================

Aaron Gallant [1:06 PM]  
@here Thanks all! Lecture notebook: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1j2Ee_d_CwSh30MZWN28hCS_216Uxs0Do

In writing:  
- Work with NYC data, getting linear regression as good as you can get it - feature engineer!  
- Plot and share results/error/R^2  
- Check out stretch goals/resources - go mathy, and/or find and try to explain some data  
  
Re: the math, here's the theorem proving the optimality of coefficients from OLS:   
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gauss%E2%80%93Markov_theorem   

Quinn [11:00 AM]  
https://lambdaschool.zoom.us/j/8593527401  
@channel Linear regression today w Aaron  

====================================================

Quinn [10:00 AM]  
Mock interview day! Here at Corporation the first three questions are a behavioral screener and the last one flexes your general problem-solving techniques. _*We hope you enjoy your interview*_ @channel

Hop on in for breakout groups! https://lambdaschool.zoom.us/j/8593527401

1. What’s a mistake you made on the job (any job) you wish you could go back and fix?  
2. Briefly describe a time you were wrong  
3. A benefit at Corporation is a $1000/yr allowance for education, you can spend that on books, moocs, or conference attendance. If you were hired, how would you utilize the allowance?  
4. You are given 12 balls, all equal in weight except for one that is either heavier or lighter. You are also given a two-pan balance to use. In each use of the balance you may put any number of the 12 balls on the left pan, and the same number on the right pan, and push a button to initiate the weighing; there are three possible outcomes: either the weights are equal, or the balls on the left are heavier, or the balls on the left are lighter. Your task is to design a strategy to determine which is the odd ball and whether it is heavier or lighter than the others in as few uses of the balance as possible 
