
2019-08-05 Week 10 Day 1    
Unit 3 Sprint 1 Module 1

Lecture Video  
https://youtu.be/dHlMCWe1C_s   
Python Modules, Packages, and Environments video  

Quinn:lambda-pm: 10:46 AM  
@here our repo for this week   
https://github.com/LambdaSchool/DS-Unit-3-Sprint-1-Software-Engineering  
Please fork and clone!  
LambdaSchool/DS-Unit-3-Sprint-1-Software-Engineering  
Software Engineering and Reproducible Research for Data Science  

Ben Manning 1:03 PM  
work on Lamdata!  
Lambdata!  

======================================

Windows 10, Anaconda3, Logs  
https://github.com/Nov05/Lambda-School-Data-Science/blob/master/miscellaneous/2019-08-05%20anaconda.md

======================================

**ls1905**

https://github.com/Nov05/Lambda-School-Data-Science/blob/master/attachments/2019-08-05_Intro%20to%20Resumes.pdf  

Kathleen Hunt:lambda-red: 10:00 AM    
Good morning @here! Please find your cohorts below so you know where to go today for your careers lesson.    
:arrow_right: US-based, FT LS1907 cohorts, incl DS6, iOS8, UX6, and WEB22: Join me as we go over how to create strong portfolios and artifacts to help you showcase your work throughout your career: https://lambdaschool.zoom.us/j/183087676  
:arrow_right: US-based, FT LS1905 cohorts, incl DS5, iOS7, UX5, and WEB21: Join Rachel as she reviews how to craft a strong resume and cover letter: https://lambdaschool.zoom.us/j/942604253  
:arrow_right: US-based, FT LS1904, 1903, and any prior cohorts who are not in Labs or CS yet is welcome to join any of the above lessons as a refresher, OR use this time to work on your careers endorsement materials (expectations here:    https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fLM8NCGP0FQP6DIj3EiDr7gay3JcCljiUuWCPm8w4F8/edit?usp=sharing)  
Assignments for each lesson will be posted in the above channels after the lesson (#ls1905, #ls1907, etc) and in TK.    

Rachel Cohen:lambda-staff2: 10:45 AM  
Thank you all for joining @channel! Really appreciate your attention and thoughtful questions. Resumes can be tricky but really focus on what YOU are most proud of and what is most relevant to the job you are seeking.  
For this week’s assignment: Create a resume draft including the following: 
- All sections: Name/contact info, Summary (optional), Projects, Skills, Experience, Education  
- Power statements: in the experience and projects section of your resume  
- Formatting: formatting should be clean and consistent. For this first draft, we recommend plugging content into Creddle, but you can play around with the format and get more creative, if you wish!  
Once you have a finished draft, please run your resume through CV Compiler, which we’re excited to partner with to provide targeted feedback on your resume! It only takes a minute or two to get set up and use:  
1. Land to the website - https://cvcompiler.com/students/lambda  
2. Login (using LinkedIn or Github) -> Fill the form  
3. Enter the special promo code based on your track - ANDresumes, iOSresumes, DSresumes, WEBresumes, or UXresumes during checkout  
4. Upload your resume  
5. In case of any questions (e.g. issues with processing resumes), feel free to contact their support team - hello@cvcompiler.com.  
Please submit your resume draft, with CV Compiler feedback, to your TL with your sprint retrospective this week.  

