
2019-08-08 Week 10 Day 4     
Unit 3 Sprint 1 

Software Testing, Documentation, and Licensing  
https://youtu.be/otAPxdG6iKs   

Learning Kit  
https://learn.lambdaschool.com/ds/module/recq9eVVCzZpgeH58/  

=====================================

unittest - Python Unit testing framework  
Unit testing framework for Python, inspired by JUnit.

numpy.testing  
Some numpy-specific asserts that can be used in tests.

pytest  
A widely used Python testing framework.

Pydoc  
Official Python tutorial for pydoc.

Open Source Licenses  
Official Open Source Licenses recognized by the Open Source Initiative

TLDR Legal  
Summary of many open source licenses and related legalese.

=====================================

Dig Deeper  

OOP Review Assignment  
A great review of OOP and testing - ace this, and the sprint challenge will be no sweat!

Integration Testing (Wikipedia)  
The phase in software testing in which individual software modules are combined and tested as a group.

Python typing module  
An enhancement to Python for type hints - like testing, a way to catch and prevent certain bugs.

Travis CI  
Widely used continuous integration (automatically run tests) platform.  

pandas docstring guide  
A Python docstring is a string used to document a Python module, class, function or method, so programmers can understand what it does without having to read the details of the implementation.

Sphinx Python Documentation Generator  
Widely used tool for generating Python documentation.

Literate programming (Wikipedia)  
Literate programming is a programming paradigm introduced by Donald Knuth in which a program is given as an explanation of the program logic in a natural language, such as English, interspersed with snippets of macros and traditional source code, from which a compilable source code can be generated.









